group,species
butterflies,Adscita alpina
butterflies,Adscita dujardini
butterflies,Adscita geryon
butterflies,Adscita statices
butterflies,Aglais io
butterflies,Aglais urticae
butterflies,Agriades glandon
butterflies,Agriades optilete
butterflies,Agriades orbitulus
butterflies,Anthocharis cardamines
butterflies,Apatura ilia
butterflies,Apatura iris
butterflies,Aphantopus hyperantus
butterflies,Aporia crataegi
butterflies,Araschnia levana
butterflies,Argynnis paphia
butterflies,Aricia agestis
butterflies,Aricia artaxerxes
butterflies,Aricia nicias
butterflies,Boloria aquilonaris
butterflies,Boloria dia
butterflies,Boloria euphrosyne
butterflies,Boloria napaea
butterflies,Boloria pales
butterflies,Boloria selene
butterflies,Boloria thore
butterflies,Boloria titania
butterflies,Brenthis daphne
butterflies,Brenthis ino
butterflies,Brintesia circe
butterflies,Cacyreus marshalli
butterflies,Callophrys rubi
butterflies,Carcharodus alceae
butterflies,Carterocephalus palaemon
butterflies,Celastrina argiolus
butterflies,Chazara briseis
butterflies,Coenonympha arcania
butterflies,Coenonympha darwiniana
butterflies,Coenonympha gardetta
butterflies,Coenonympha glycerion
butterflies,Coenonympha pamphilus
butterflies,Coenonympha tullia
butterflies,Colias alfacariensis
butterflies,Colias crocea
butterflies,Colias hyale
butterflies,Colias palaeno
butterflies,Colias phicomone
butterflies,Cupido alcetas
butterflies,Cupido argiades
butterflies,Cupido minimus
butterflies,Cupido osiris
butterflies,Cyaniris semiargus
butterflies,Erebia aethiops
butterflies,Erebia albergana
butterflies,Erebia arvernensis
butterflies,Erebia bubastis
butterflies,Erebia epiphron
butterflies,Erebia eriphyle
butterflies,Erebia euryale
butterflies,Erebia flavofasciata
butterflies,Erebia gorge
butterflies,Erebia ligea
butterflies,Erebia manto
butterflies,Erebia medusa
butterflies,Erebia melampus
butterflies,Erebia meolans
butterflies,Erebia mnestra
butterflies,Erebia montana
butterflies,Erebia oeme
butterflies,Erebia pandrose
butterflies,Erebia pharte
butterflies,Erebia pluto
butterflies,Erebia pronoe
butterflies,Erebia styx
butterflies,Erebia sudetica
butterflies,Erebia triarius
butterflies,Erebia tyndarus
butterflies,Erynnis tages
butterflies,Euchloe simplonia
butterflies,Eumedonia eumedon
butterflies,Euphydryas aurinia
butterflies,Euphydryas cynthia
butterflies,Euphydryas intermedia
butterflies,Fabriciana adippe
butterflies,Fabriciana niobe
butterflies,Favonius quercus
butterflies,Glaucopsyche alexis
butterflies,Gonepteryx rhamni
butterflies,Hamearis lucina
butterflies,Hesperia comma
butterflies,Heteropterus morpheus
butterflies,Hipparchia fagi
butterflies,Hipparchia genava
butterflies,Hipparchia semele
butterflies,Hipparchia statilinus
butterflies,Hyponephele lycaon
butterflies,Iolana iolas
butterflies,Iphiclides podalirius
butterflies,Issoria lathonia
butterflies,Jordanita globulariae
butterflies,Jordanita notata
butterflies,Jordanita subsolana
butterflies,Kretania trappi
butterflies,Lampides boeticus
butterflies,Lasiommata maera
butterflies,Lasiommata megera
butterflies,Lasiommata petropolitana
butterflies,Leptidea juvernica
butterflies,Leptidea sinapis
butterflies,Libythea celtis
butterflies,Limenitis camilla
butterflies,Limenitis populi
butterflies,Limenitis reducta
butterflies,Lopinga achine
butterflies,Lycaena alciphron
butterflies,Lycaena dispar
butterflies,Lycaena helle
butterflies,Lycaena hippothoe
butterflies,Lycaena phlaeas
butterflies,Lycaena tityrus
butterflies,Lycaena virgaureae
butterflies,Lysandra bellargus
butterflies,Lysandra coridon
butterflies,Maniola jurtina
butterflies,Melanargia galathea
butterflies,Melitaea asteria
butterflies,Melitaea athalia aggr
butterflies,Melitaea aurelia
butterflies,Melitaea cinxia
butterflies,Melitaea deione
butterflies,Melitaea diamina
butterflies,Melitaea didyma
butterflies,Melitaea parthenoides
butterflies,Melitaea phoebe
butterflies,Melitaea varia
butterflies,Minois dryas
butterflies,Muschampia floccifera
butterflies,Muschampia lavatherae
butterflies,Neptis rivularis
butterflies,Nymphalis antiopa
butterflies,Nymphalis polychloros
butterflies,Ochlodes sylvanus
butterflies,Oeneis glacialis
butterflies,Papilio machaon
butterflies,Pararge aegeria
butterflies,Parnassius apollo
butterflies,Parnassius mnemosyne
butterflies,Parnassius phoebus
butterflies,Phengaris alcon
butterflies,Phengaris arion
butterflies,Phengaris nausithous
butterflies,Phengaris teleius
butterflies,Pieris brassicae
butterflies,Pieris bryoniae
butterflies,Pieris mannii
butterflies,Pieris napi
butterflies,Pieris rapae
butterflies,Plebejus argus
butterflies,Plebejus argyrognomon
butterflies,Plebejus idas
butterflies,Polygonia c-album
butterflies,Polyommatus amandus
butterflies,Polyommatus damon
butterflies,Polyommatus daphnis
butterflies,Polyommatus dorylas
butterflies,Polyommatus eros
butterflies,Polyommatus escheri
butterflies,Polyommatus icarus
butterflies,Polyommatus thersites
butterflies,Pontia callidice
butterflies,Pontia edusa
butterflies,Pseudophilotes baton
butterflies,Pyrgus accreta
butterflies,Pyrgus alveus
butterflies,Pyrgus andromedae
butterflies,Pyrgus armoricanus
butterflies,Pyrgus cacaliae
butterflies,Pyrgus carlinae
butterflies,Pyrgus carthami
butterflies,Pyrgus malvae
butterflies,Pyrgus malvoides
butterflies,Pyrgus onopordi
butterflies,Pyrgus serratulae
butterflies,Pyrgus warrenensis
butterflies,Pyronia tithonus
butterflies,Rhagades pruni
butterflies,Satyrium acaciae
butterflies,Satyrium ilicis
butterflies,Satyrium pruni
butterflies,Satyrium spini
butterflies,Satyrium w-album
butterflies,Satyrus ferula
butterflies,Scolitantides orion
butterflies,Speyeria aglaja
butterflies,Spialia sertorius
butterflies,Thecla betulae
butterflies,Thymelicus acteon
butterflies,Thymelicus lineola
butterflies,Thymelicus sylvestris
butterflies,Vanessa atalanta
butterflies,Vanessa cardui
butterflies,Zygaena carniolica
butterflies,Zygaena ephialtes
butterflies,Zygaena exulans
butterflies,Zygaena fausta
butterflies,Zygaena filipendulae
butterflies,Zygaena lonicerae
butterflies,Zygaena loti
butterflies,Zygaena minos
butterflies,Zygaena osterodensis
butterflies,Zygaena purpuralis
butterflies,Zygaena romeo
butterflies,Zygaena transalpina
butterflies,Zygaena trifolii
butterflies,Zygaena viciae
dragonflies,Aeshna affinis
dragonflies,Aeshna caerulea
dragonflies,Aeshna cyanea
dragonflies,Aeshna grandis
dragonflies,Aeshna isoceles
dragonflies,Aeshna juncea
dragonflies,Aeshna mixta
dragonflies,Aeshna subarctica
dragonflies,Anax ephippiger
dragonflies,Anax imperator
dragonflies,Anax parthenope
dragonflies,Boyeria irene
dragonflies,Brachytron pratense
dragonflies,Calopteryx splendens
dragonflies,Calopteryx virgo
dragonflies,Ceriagrion tenellum
dragonflies,Chalcolestes viridis
dragonflies,Coenagrion hastulatum
dragonflies,Coenagrion mercuriale
dragonflies,Coenagrion puella
dragonflies,Coenagrion pulchellum
dragonflies,Coenagrion scitulum
dragonflies,Cordulegaster bidentata
dragonflies,Cordulegaster boltonii
dragonflies,Cordulia aenea
dragonflies,Crocothemis erythraea
dragonflies,Enallagma cyathigerum
dragonflies,Epitheca bimaculata
dragonflies,Erythromma lindenii
dragonflies,Erythromma najas
dragonflies,Erythromma viridulum
dragonflies,Gomphus pulchellus
dragonflies,Gomphus simillimus
dragonflies,Gomphus vulgatissimus
dragonflies,Ischnura elegans
dragonflies,Ischnura pumilio
dragonflies,Lestes barbarus
dragonflies,Lestes dryas
dragonflies,Lestes sponsa
dragonflies,Lestes virens
dragonflies,Leucorrhinia albifrons
dragonflies,Leucorrhinia caudalis
dragonflies,Leucorrhinia dubia
dragonflies,Leucorrhinia pectoralis
dragonflies,Libellula depressa
dragonflies,Libellula fulva
dragonflies,Libellula quadrimaculata
dragonflies,Nehalennia speciosa
dragonflies,Onychogomphus forcipatus
dragonflies,Ophiogomphus cecilia
dragonflies,Orthetrum albistylum
dragonflies,Orthetrum brunneum
dragonflies,Orthetrum cancellatum
dragonflies,Orthetrum coerulescens
dragonflies,Oxygastra curtisii
dragonflies,Platycnemis pennipes
dragonflies,Pyrrhosoma nymphula
dragonflies,Somatochlora alpestris
dragonflies,Somatochlora arctica
dragonflies,Somatochlora flavomaculata
dragonflies,Somatochlora metallica
dragonflies,Sympecma fusca
dragonflies,Sympecma paedisca
dragonflies,Sympetrum danae
dragonflies,Sympetrum depressiusculum
dragonflies,Sympetrum flaveolum
dragonflies,Sympetrum fonscolombii
dragonflies,Sympetrum meridionale
dragonflies,Sympetrum pedemontanum
dragonflies,Sympetrum sanguineum
dragonflies,Sympetrum striolatum
dragonflies,Sympetrum vulgatum
grasshoppers,Acheta domesticus
grasshoppers,Acrotylus patruelis
grasshoppers,Aeropedellus variegatus
grasshoppers,Aiolopus strepens
grasshoppers,Aiolopus thalassinus
grasshoppers,Anacridium aegyptium
grasshoppers,Anonconotus alpinus
grasshoppers,Antaxius difformis
grasshoppers,Antaxius pedestris
grasshoppers,Arcyptera fusca
grasshoppers,Barbitistes obtusus
grasshoppers,Barbitistes serricauda
grasshoppers,Bohemanella frigida
grasshoppers,Calliptamus barbarus
grasshoppers,Calliptamus italicus
grasshoppers,Calliptamus siciliae
grasshoppers,Chorthippus albomarginatus
grasshoppers,Chorthippus apricarius
grasshoppers,Chorthippus biguttulus
grasshoppers,Chorthippus brunneus
grasshoppers,Chorthippus dorsatus
grasshoppers,Chorthippus eisentrauti
grasshoppers,Chorthippus mollis
grasshoppers,Chorthippus montanus
grasshoppers,Chorthippus parallelus
grasshoppers,Chorthippus pullus
grasshoppers,Chorthippus vagans
grasshoppers,Chrysochraon dispar
grasshoppers,Conocephalus dorsalis
grasshoppers,Conocephalus fuscus
grasshoppers,Decticus verrucivorus
grasshoppers,Epacromius tergestinus
grasshoppers,Ephippiger ephippiger
grasshoppers,Ephippiger terrestris
grasshoppers,Ephippiger vicheti
grasshoppers,Euchorthippus declivus
grasshoppers,Eumodicogryllus bordigalensis
grasshoppers,Eupholidoptera chabrieri
grasshoppers,Euthystira brachyptera
grasshoppers,Gomphocerippus rufus
grasshoppers,Gomphocerus sibiricus
grasshoppers,Gryllomorpha dalmatina
grasshoppers,Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa
grasshoppers,Gryllus campestris
grasshoppers,Leptophyes albovittata
grasshoppers,Leptophyes laticauda
grasshoppers,Leptophyes punctatissima
grasshoppers,Locusta migratoria
grasshoppers,Meconema meridionale
grasshoppers,Meconema thalassinum
grasshoppers,Mecostethus parapleurus
grasshoppers,Metrioptera bicolor
grasshoppers,Metrioptera brachyptera
grasshoppers,Metrioptera fedtschenkoi
grasshoppers,Metrioptera roeselii
grasshoppers,Metrioptera saussuriana
grasshoppers,Miramella alpina
grasshoppers,Miramella formosanta
grasshoppers,Myrmeleotettix maculatus
grasshoppers,Nemobius sylvestris
grasshoppers,Odontopodisma decipiens
grasshoppers,Oecanthus pellucens
grasshoppers,Oedaleus decorus
grasshoppers,Oedipoda caerulescens
grasshoppers,Oedipoda germanica
grasshoppers,Omocestus haemorrhoidalis
grasshoppers,Omocestus rufipes
grasshoppers,Omocestus viridulus
grasshoppers,Pachytrachis striolatus
grasshoppers,Pezotettix giornae
grasshoppers,Phaneroptera falcata
grasshoppers,Phaneroptera nana
grasshoppers,Pholidoptera aptera
grasshoppers,Pholidoptera fallax
grasshoppers,Pholidoptera griseoaptera
grasshoppers,Pholidoptera littoralis
grasshoppers,Platycleis albopunctata
grasshoppers,Podisma pedestris
grasshoppers,Podismopsis keisti
grasshoppers,Polysarcus denticauda
grasshoppers,Psophus stridulus
grasshoppers,Pteronemobius heydenii
grasshoppers,Pteronemobius lineolatus
grasshoppers,Ruspolia nitidula
grasshoppers,Saga pedo
grasshoppers,Sphingonotus caerulans
grasshoppers,Stauroderus scalaris
grasshoppers,Stenobothrus lineatus
grasshoppers,Stenobothrus nigromaculatus
grasshoppers,Stenobothrus rubicundulus
grasshoppers,Stenobothrus stigmaticus
grasshoppers,Stethophyma grossum
grasshoppers,Tetrix bipunctata
grasshoppers,Tetrix ceperoi
grasshoppers,Tetrix subulata
grasshoppers,Tetrix tenuicornis
grasshoppers,Tetrix tuerki
grasshoppers,Tetrix undulata
grasshoppers,Tettigonia cantans
grasshoppers,Tettigonia caudata
grasshoppers,Tettigonia viridissima
grasshoppers,Uvarovitettix depressus
grasshoppers,Yersinella raymondii
